This is a collection of thoughts and habits
written in elisp.

I am packaging it as a repository with the
intention that it rest here on github as an
embodiment of my personal style.

The idea is that, like my clothes, you may
borrow them and try them on for a while if they
fit.  Cut them up.  Make them your own.  Fork
them, change them.  End up at your own style.

I'll influence you and you'll influence me.
Together, we will look great.

Your editor is clothing.

What is programming?  Let's start there?

What do we do when we program computers?  How
do we connect with them?

One thing that I like to do as a first
deomstration of the concept of ``writing a
program'' is to do a few things on the command
line at some terminal.  This is how you talk to
the computer.  This is what conversation is
like with your operating system.

Then you take some of those things you said at
the command line and you write them in your
editor instead.   Then you save it as a file.
Now you have a shell script which is a kind of
computer program.  To run this program is just
to have the content spoken automatically, line
by line, to the shell.

Once this is understood by experience, the
fresh student can easily grasp the routines of
compiling and interpreting code with, say,
python, haskell or c.

But there's another, parallel, first
introduction to computer programming.

Show them how to do a few things in emacs.
Say, C-n and C-p for navigating lines (for next
and previous).  C-a to get to the front of the
line (because a is at the front of the
alphabet).  M-b and M-f (for back and forth) to
go back and forward by words.

Now show how to record these activities!

C-x ( to begin recording and C-x ) to end
recording.

It is a sense of recording that is free from
the burden of time.  It is a new kind of
recording.  It doesn't record an impression of
your movements, but the meaning of them.

And then look at what you've got!

Type C-x e for execute and 



completing-read_.el -- this is just a place for
me to play around what will be an important
part of another repository, ``gradschool'' for
organizing personal math and physics efforts. 
csv-mode.el	
el-get-install.el	
epubmode.el	
init.el	
language-reference.el	
personal.el	
ralph.el	
rot.el	
sandbox.el	

